feat: create OS Information guide #1484 (#1642)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/features/os-info.mdx

    ```rust
    #[cfg_attr(mobile, tauri::mobile_entry_point)]
    pub fn run() {
        tauri::Builder::default()
            // Initialize the plugin
            .plugin(tauri_plugin_os::init())
            .run(tauri::generate_context!())
            .expect("error while running tauri application");
    }
    ```

    </TabItem>
    <TabItem label="Manual">

    1. Run `cargo add tauri-plugin-os` to add the plugin to the project's dependencies in `Cargo.toml`.

    2. Modify `lib.rs` to initialize the plugin:

    ```rust
    // lib.rs
    #[cfg_attr(mobile, tauri::mobile_entry_point)]
    pub fn run() {
        tauri::Builder::default()
            // Initialize the plugin
            .plugin(tauri_plugin_os::init())
            .run(tauri::generate_context!())
            .expect("error while running tauri application");
    }
    ```

    3. If you'd like to use in JavaScript then install the npm package as well:

    <CommandTabs
        npm="npm install @tauri-apps/plugin-os"
        yarn="yarn add @tauri-apps/plugin-os"
        pnpm="pnpm add @tauri-apps/plugin-os"
    />

    </TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Usage

> With this plugin you can query multiple information from current operational system, here is how you can utilize the OS Information plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this plugin you can query multiple information from current operational system. See all available functions in the [JavaScript API](/2/reference/js/os/) or [Rust API](https://docs.rs/tauri-plugin-os/2.0.0-alpha.4/tauri_plugin_os/) references.
```

{/* TODO: Link to which language to use, frontend vs. backend guide when it's made */}

#### Example: OS Platform

`platform` returns a string describing the specific operating system in use. The value is set at compile time. Possible values are `linux`, `macos`, `ios`, `freebsd`, `dragonfly`, `netbsd`, `openbsd`, `solaris`, `android`, `windows`.

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="JavaScript">

```js
import { platform } from '@tauri-apps/plugin-os';

const platform = await platform();
console.log(platform);
// Prints "windows" to the console
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="Rust">

```rust
let platform = tauri_plugin_os::platform();
println!("Platform: {}", platform);
// Prints "windows" to the terminal
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> See all available functions in the [JavaScript API](/2/reference/js/os/) or [Rust API](https://docs.rs/tauri-plugin-os/2.0.0-alpha.4/tauri_plugin_os/) references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
